`azurerm_orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set` - support for the `upgrade_mode` and `rolling_upgrade_policy` properties (#28354)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/orchestrated_virtual_machine_scale_set.html.markdown

* `termination_notification` - (Optional) A `termination_notification` block as defined below.

> * `upgrade_mode` - (Optional) Specifies how Upgrades (e.g. changing the Image/SKU) should be performed to Virtual Machine Instances. Possible values are `Automatic`, `Manual` and `Rolling`. Defaults to `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `upgrade_mode` - (Optional) Specifies how upgrades (e.g. changing the Image/SKU) should be performed to Virtual Machine Instances. Possible values are `Automatic`, `Manual` and `Rolling`. Defaults to `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: updated. Thanks.

* `user_data_base64` - (Optional) The Base64-Encoded User Data which should be used for this Virtual Machine Scale Set.

* `proximity_placement_group_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Proximity Placement Group which the Virtual Machine should be assigned to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> * `rolling_upgrade_policy` - (Optional) A `rolling_upgrade_policy` block as defined below. This is Required and can only be specified when `upgrade_mode` is set to `Automatic` or `Rolling`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: I think this might make it more clear that this cannot be specified only when `upgrade_mode` is manual and required otherwise?

```suggestion
* `rolling_upgrade_policy` - (Optional) A `rolling_upgrade_policy` block as defined below. This is Required when `upgrade_mode` is set to `Automatic` or `Rolling` and cannot be specified when `upgrade_mode` is set to `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: since it is not required by `Automatic`, I updated it as below:

* `rolling_upgrade_policy` - (Optional) A `rolling_upgrade_policy` block as defined below. This is Required when `upgrade_mode` is set to `Rolling` and cannot be specified when `upgrade_mode` is set to `Manual`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `cross_zone_upgrades_enabled` - (Optional) Should the Virtual Machine Scale Set ignore the Azure Zone boundaries when constructing upgrade batches? Possible values are `true` or `false`.

* `max_batch_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percent of total virtual machine instances that will be upgraded simultaneously by the rolling upgrade in one batch. As this is a maximum, unhealthy instances in previous or future batches can cause the percentage of instances in a batch to decrease to ensure higher reliability.

* `max_unhealthy_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percentage of the total virtual machine instances in the scale set that can be simultaneously unhealthy, either as a result of being upgraded, or by being found in an unhealthy state by the virtual machine health checks before the rolling upgrade aborts. This constraint will be checked prior to starting any batch.

* `max_unhealthy_upgraded_instance_percent` - (Required) The maximum percentage of upgraded virtual machine instances that can be found to be in an unhealthy state. This check will happen after each batch is upgraded. If this percentage is ever exceeded, the rolling update aborts.

> * `pause_time_between_batches` - (Required) The wait time between completing the update for all virtual machines in one batch and starting the next batch. The time duration should be specified in ISO 8601 format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pause_time_between_batches` - (Required) The wait time between completing the update for all virtual machines in one batch and starting the next batch. The time duration should be specified in ISO 8601 duration format.
```

Author: updated. Thanks.
